the new source was the third state to be
handed to the Confederations Cup and
also for the world cup
The inauguration was very festive and the
classic Bahia and victory for the fourth
round of the second phase
oliveira yadin village had the privilege
to follow closely and tell
people now
hello to all the accompanying friends
exchange of passes arena new source was
delivered today to the baiano the third
stadium ready for the cup of the
confederations and also to the
world next year a big party
I was in Bahia with edinho sportv
showed this great game live and before
the ball was very festive with the
female singers is named after the
margaret menezes and ivete baiana music
sangalo claudia leitte da moral or
and the most special moment was
As for the singers, all these people
was on the stage singing and we have
images to remember and for you that
did not watch this special moment that
invests sangalo with margareth menezes
with claudia leitte singing the anthem of
and singing also the anthem of the
victory the whole stadium was a
really special moment
really the very beautiful moment
We 'll just conquer another time.
another scene patience the slow
I only with Claudia Rodrigo won the
victory is just the name in history
this victory has a heart
it was a bit of a treat to open the
party and then there was the village 's base is
based hot weather is the weather dispute
two teams competing for the first ba vi
of the season in which the win was very
shorter edinho good night now very good
night however the steering wheel bruno souza is
really there was the bay until it started
playing a little better and enjoying
any chance you had
only in victory defense error
here came up here allowing
fast players like adriano popped
guine is penetrated and beyond that the
The bahia team could not do more
anything
now the victory team has much more
category much much more is much better
than the Bahia team and
achieved is certainly this victory in the
second half made 1 to 0 in the first
Time in the second time I could not
understand what happened in the
of Bahia and then comes and goes totally
open since at the beginning of the open game
allowing the victory to make the
counterattacks who played against
attack in the second half and made the
second goal and then come
exchanging passes also on defense
of the Bay of Bengal
bahia doing the third goal things
were easier on the same top and
sketched a reaction with a goal by Roberto Roberto
in the beautiful magal cross but after
it is the river hotel itself fahel se
launch the attack by opening the defense of
bahia doing the counterattack of victor
vander did the fourth scout did the
fifth of this image of celebrations of
goals there we saw a detail
important part of this new model of
Brazilian state that the supporter
Getting used to it, that's the
proximity is the proximity of the supporter
celebrated players were to celebrate with
the cheer the players of victory is
very cool and only see and even
approval in europe and brazil has no
but it will take is already having because here
It was very cool the players are calling
the other to celebrate with the fans and
for him the most important situation that
had no guard 20 mutual brito
no fans wanting to hold the
player believes in the li was the celebration
Very cool, I think it's going to be the new one.
Brazilian football trend is this
not only use the new source arena is
ready started with a big party of the
victory and
the cajá write my name in history
as the author of the first goal here in
arena new source the bahia team
maintains the leadership even with the defeat
leadership of group 1 of the championship
and the victory maintains the leadership in the
group 2 now with the biggest advantage going
to 12 points